I’m a highly motivated and hard-working Master of Management Analytics student in University of Toronto with two years of work experience.
My interests in big data management, AI and machine learning sparked when I was working in the civil industry. 
I thought those applications would play significant role to apply it to build smart cities and buildings in the future. 
However, after taking technical courses and business courses in the program, I fell in love with applying data analytics skills to finance and marketing. 

Commencing my undergraduate studies in Civil Engineering, I have built my experience and knowledge through school and working as a project coordinator for various construction projects. I developed professional communication skills, time management, teamwork, being initiative, and multitasking under tight schedule. With my interest in big data, AI, and machine learning sparked, I have developed various quantitative and qualitative skills in the master’s program such as predictive analytics, prescriptive analytics, machine learning analytics, building probabilistic models, visualizing data, etc. Moreover, I became expert at using programming languages such as Python, R, SQL, Tableau and Excel by solving various real life case assignments and participating in competitions. I have built experience in building supervised, non-supervised and time series model using the knowledge such as data preprocessing, EDA, KNN, decision trees, neural networks, NLP, text mining, various clustering, segmentation models, model voting, regressions, etc. With my current Data Science Consultant role with Maccabi Health Insurance, I’m currently developing forecasting model to predict the waiting time of the patients and measure the impact of introducing new model to the Maccabi diagnosis system. Maccabi is the 2nd largest HMO in Israel which would impact the 26% of Israeli and possibly result in policy change. I’m also building consulting experience through this role by narrowing down the business problem and setting the KPIs for the clients which would be measured in the future.
<!---
euan1031/euan1031 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
